# COP4520_Assignment2
## Problem 1: Minotaur's Birthday Party
### Winning Strategy
The strategy chosen to complete the Minotaur's request of knowing when all guest have experience the labyrinth is as follows:

Since the guests know that there is a cupcake at the end of labyrinth at the start of the party, they can use that information to determine whether or not another guest has come into the labyrinth before them. If a guest goes in and see no cupcake there, that guest knows for a fact that another guest has been through the labyrinth already, as that is the only reason the cupcake would be missing. Using that, we designate one guest as the counter, for this strategy that will always be guest 0, and they will be the only guest allowed to call the servants and bring back the cupcake. Whenever guest 0 enters the labyrinth, they will move to the end of the maze and check the status of the cupcake. If there is not a cupcake there, they will add one to the count of guests who have entered the labyrinth and tell the servants to bring back another cupcake. If there is still a cupcake there, guest 0 wil simply leave the labyrinth without doing anything. As for the other guests, whenever they enter the labyrinth, they will also check the status of the cupcake. If the cupcake is there and they have not eaten a cupcake yet, they will eat the cupcake and leave. Otherwise if the guest finds no cupcake or they have already eaten a cupcake, the guest will simply leave the labyrinth without doing anything. Once guest 0 has counted *n* guests, he will notify the Minotaur that everyone has experienced the labyrinth.

## Problem 2: Minotaur's Crystal Vase
### Chosen Strategy

Strategy 1 involves having each of the guest attempting to view the vase whenever they can. Guest would have no guarantee on when they can view the vase because they have to check to see if the showroom is available. This is not a great solution, as it leads to a lot of wasted time with guests checking to see if they can even see the vase. Strategy 2 improves upon strategy 1 by having whichever guest is in the showroom mark the showroom as BUSY, and then marking it as AVAILABLE whenever they leave. This allows for guests to know when the room is available for viewing, reducing the wasted time for each guest checking to see if they can view it. Strategy 3 removes the randomness for guest wanting to go to room as they form a queue to view it. This lets whichever guest is at the head of the queue view the vase, and then leave and let the next guest in the queue view the vase. Because of the advantages of strategy 2 over strategy 1, and the lack of any significant advantage by using strategy 3 instead of strategy 2, the chose strategy for this problem was 2.